/*

to do: only accept certain file types. MP3, WAV e.t.c

add a file size limit. Reasonable size for a backing track is 10MB (apparently) 

Make sure users and customers have permanent access to their files. Offer a premium subscription 
for higher quality files. 

Number of downloads per song. Popular songs will be near the top of the list.
Offer a featured backing track section on front page for those who pay for it.

Make sure that file names are non-offensive. No weird names. Do correct REGEX so that usernames e.t.c 
are friendly for all ages. Screen for offensive words.

Profile pictures will need to be non offensive. AWS Rekognition can help with this.

is cover===true then input original song artist. We need a way to easily copyright. 
Might be better to get users to copyright their own? if not then Audio.

licensingStatus: 'pending' for example in mongodb

licensingStatus: 'licensed'
licensedBy: 'admin'
licenseDate: Date

Add a checkbox during upload:

☑️ “I confirm that I either own this recording or am submitting it for licensing via this platform.”


🔸 Audd.io
Music recognition API, but not for licensing.

Can tell you what song it is — useful for flagging content



Form Fields:

Track Title

Original Artist

Composer

Copyright Declaration:

Are they the original composer or performer?

Do they have rights to distribute this track (license declaration)?

License Information (optional, for tracks that need a license)

License Type (if applicable: e.g., cover song license, public domain, etc.)

License ID (from MCPS or other rights holders)

Where This Goes:

Store the metadata and license status in your MongoDB database.

You could use a backingTrack schema with fields like licenseType, licenseVerified, licenseId, etc.

hen a user downloads a backing track, you’ll want to:

Track the download in your database (e.g., increase a downloadCount or downloads field).

Associate the download with the correct licensing status to ensure you're compliant with the law.

Set the track’s license status to “pending” initially, and once verified (manually or automatically), change it to “licensed” in the system.

You could build an admin panel for yourself to audit and verify the licenses for tracks that need to be checked manually (e.g., if the track is a cover song).

Create a Terms of Service or License Agreement


audition musicians to post
*/